hey what's up guys it's me again and
today I have a really counsel tutorial
now I had a request for one of these in
the comment section below a guy told me
to explain it more briefly so I looked
up some videos found out to do perfectly
so I really cancel is when you do a
combo and when the hit makes the enemy
stagger your whole circle or be and then
you do that team attack now when you do
this you can ultimate right after now
I'm just showing you step-by-step combo
then you hold o like after you've done
the combo as you see there and then your
ultimate so after this relay you can
ultimate right away so it's really
really easy you just want to make sure
you pick a character that can make your
enemy stagger by one of the hits
I picked Minato as Minato pretty much
all his combos are perfect for combo
consoles relays everything so I think
Minato is the quickest and easiest one
to use I could have showed you some more
but I stopped monado's aunty see it with
Minato is a three-hit combo in any
direction and you just hold B or o right
after it so you click over B three times
then you hold it on the fourth time then
it should make the enemy stagger just
like a and then you should just ultimate
right after so the enemy will not be
able to block this just keep watching
keep trying it's not that difficult you
should get it after a few tries so just
keep looking up some of these videos
it's really really simple
I think it's much easier than combo
councils actually like that the idea is
realizing and plus if you don't have
enough chakra to do their Ultimate Jutsu
you can just use the support and get
somewhat helpful female members so
anyway thank you guys for watching come
rate subscribe and I hope you've liked
me up who've been you know I've been so
active lately I hope you liked that I'm
gonna be uploading the rest but not the
rest I'm gonna be holding like for three
more episodes of the walk through
tomorrow stank-ass fortune see you in
the next one